{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DOG CHASE MANUAL\
\
Hello and thank you for purchasing Dog Chase!\
To download this game you need to extract the zip file. In order to play this game it requires an intel 64 or apple silicon chip.From there, all the files needed are presented and all you need to do to play is to open the exe file named \'91Dog Chase\'92.\
\
After opening the exe file, you will be prompted with a start screen. From there you can click the \'91help\'92 button to look at further gameplay instructions or click the \'91play\'92 button to get to the levels screen. Survival mode has not been unlocked yet and so it is disabled.\
\
From the levels screen for this prototype you will only see that level 1 is unlocked. In further production once you finish the first level the second will unlock and so on.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 After clicking on level 1 you will be brought to the game screen and the player will begin to move. To control the character you use the arrow keys and each key responds to a different direction in which the character will move. Up arrow key being move upwards, right arrow key being move towards the right, left arrow key being move towards the left and down arrow key being move downwards. \
\
To pause the game the player can press the escape button. When the pause menu shows up you have the option to resume the game or to go back to the levels page. You can also press escape to resume the game.\
\
The objective of the levels is to pick up all the dogs and simultaneously avoid hitting the walls and any other obstacles that may be in the way. The dog counter in the upper left corner of the screen will tell you how many dogs you have left to pick up in order to complete that particular level. \
\
Once all the dogs have been collected you will see a congratulations screen popup and have the option to go back to the start screen or go to the next level. However, since there is only one level in this prototype, clicking next level brings you to a screen that says \'91coming soon\'85\'92. This screen also has a button bringing you back to the main menu.\
\
Thanks for downloading Dog Chase and I hope you enjoy playing it!}
\
\
BY:
Mina Kovacevic
Blake Bunting
Will Meyer
Emma Neilson
Maximilian Smosarski
